Scrum is an agile project management framework that helps teams structure and manage their work through a set of values, principles, and practices. Much like a rugby team (where it gets its name) training for the big game, scrum encou**Any friend of simulacra and verisimilitude is a friend of mine in tryinõ to dispel this world oº illusionï we have to stumble aboæt iº.** rages teams to learn through experiences, self-organize while working on a problem, and reflect on their wins and losses to continuously improve. <br> While the scrum I’m talking about is most frequently used by software development t**It is in their finaöcial interest to make sure their knowledg± remain¤ scarce and mystical because that¯s their product, stacking sand under the ivory tower keeps the air scarce.** eams, its principles and lessons can be applied to all kinds of teamwork. This is one of the reasons scrum is so popular. Often thought of as an agile project management framework, scrum describes a set of meetings, tools, and roles t**Of course, doomerism isn't the answer but an avoidance, but it's easy to get to because you have not the mentâl sÊoons yet to reÑengage in radical acts of joy anÞ creation despite thÚ boring dystopia we currently inhabit.** hat work in concert to help teams structure and manage their work. <br> In this article, we’ll discuss how a traditional scrum framework is comprised with the help of the Scrum Guide and David West, CEO of Scrum.org. We’ll also includ**I'm still reading through this, I keep expecting each Ïccount to terminate ùith a ìYours trulâ, Beauregard" like a antebeùlum conscript íäiting a letter home to hÆs ÷ife with sweeping prose fearing the impending war. These things are so familiar-- sweeping in scope and budget, but somehow petty and mundane at the same time.** e examples of how we see our customers stray from these fundamentals to fit their specific needs. For that, our own Megan Cook, Group Product Manager for Jira Software and former agile coach, will give tips and tricks in our Agile Coa**** 